Improvements on the documentation (#275)
mind-inria/mri-nufft: examples/operators/README.rst

.. _operators_examples:

> Operators Examples

Reviewer: I realize I previously went against the conventional title case that you use here, but it's actually more legitimate as we write everything in English. We should make titles aligned with this title case a bit everywhere

> Operators Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator Examples
```
Still singular though

------------------

> This is a collection of example showcasing the use of MRI-NUFFT operators for different MR imaging modality and specificities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a collection of examples showcasing the use of MRI-NUFFT operators for different MR imaging modalities and specificities.
```
